feat(examples): add GitLab built-in changelog templates (#1561)
orhun/git-cliff: website/docs/usage/initializing.md

- [`keepachangelog.toml`](https://github.com/orhun/git-cliff/tree/main/examples/keepachangelog.toml): changelog in [Keep a Changelog format](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.1.0/).
- [`github.toml`](https://github.com/orhun/git-cliff/tree/main/examples/github.toml): changelog in the [GitHub's format](https://docs.github.com/en/repositories/releasing-projects-on-github/automatically-generated-release-notes).
- [`github-keepachangelog.toml`](https://github.com/orhun/git-cliff/tree/main/examples/github-keepachangelog.toml): combination of the previous two formats.
- [`gitlab.toml`](https://github.com/orhun/git-cliff/tree/main/examples/gitlab.toml): release notes format tailored for GitLab Releases.

> - [`gitlab-keepachangelog.toml`](https://github.com/orhun/git-cliff/tree/main/examples/gitlab-keepachangelog.toml): combination of the previous two formats.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [`gitlab-keepachangelog.toml`](https://github.com/orhun/git-cliff/tree/main/examples/gitlab-keepachangelog.toml): combination of GitLab and Keep a Changelog format.
```

> - [`gitlab-detailed.toml`](https://github.com/orhun/git-cliff/tree/main/examples/gitlab-detailed.toml): detailed changelog with GitLab commit and merge request links.

Reviewer: How about we remove the detailed template and just add keepachangelog one, just to be aligned with the GitHub template as well?

i.e. let's have `gitlab` and `gitlab-keepachangelog` :)

Author: The applied standard really makes a lot of sense.
